README.md, before:

# Updated Portfolio Part 3

Here is an updated Portfolio built with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, Express. I wanted to have a simple approach with a little touch of things recently learned. Upadated resume and LinkedIn links on updated site.

## Always Under Construction 

 1. <link href="css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /> I have to remember to have this link properly set up. After a few hours of wondering why my external stylesheet wasn't working, it was missing "rel, type and /". For some reason it didn't work. When added, it worked.
 
 2. Hopefully soon I can use javascript to enhance the site. At the moment, my skills are not there yet. There are somethings in my head I would like to try, like making an updated version of Lightbox.
 
2. I'm surprised on what Bootstrap can do, it has so many features that I can expand on.

### Before and after
![Getting Started](Xxxxpx xpxx xpx xpx px)
![Getting Started](xpx xpx xpx xpx xp x)

### Prerequisites

Any web browser can view live link, (https://quiet-journey-29473.herokuapp.com/). Repository link, (https://github.com/itsmedexter/unit16_unit16_portfolio), .

## Technolgies Used

* [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
* [Bootstrap] (https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css)
* [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

## Deployed Link

* [See Live Site](https://quiet-journey-29473.herokuapp.com/)


## Authors

Dexter Valencia 

- [Link to Portfolio Site](https://github.com/itsmedexter/unit16_unit16_portfolio)
- [Link to Github](https://github.com/itsmedexter)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dextervalencia/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License 

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks Kerwin for reminder on mediaquery.

Commit message:

Got backgound color to work, and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Updated Portfolio Part 3

Here is an updated Portfolio built with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, Express. I finally added a little Javascript and some color. Something I wanted to do from the beginning, but thought it was going to be hard. Also, used express to handle the backend. First I was thinking of using MVC, but it didn't make any sense. Maybe later on when I have more routes, use models, and doing local API requests. 


### Before and after
![Before](images/before.gif)
![After](images/updated_site.gif)

### Prerequisites

Any web browser can view live link, (https://quiet-journey-29473.herokuapp.com/). Repository link, (https://github.com/itsmedexter/unit16_unit16_portfolio), .

## Technolgies Used

* [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
* [Bootstrap] (https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css)
* [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

## Deployed Link

* [See Live Site](https://quiet-journey-29473.herokuapp.com/)


## Authors

Dexter Valencia 

- [Link to Portfolio Site](https://github.com/itsmedexter/unit16_unit16_portfolio)
- [Link to Github](https://github.com/itsmedexter)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dextervalencia/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License 

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks Kerwin for reminder on mediaquery.
